hi this is Matt with fears and bacon
calm and welcome to our first Japan
crate unboxing it's a Japanese candy
subscription service thirty dollars a
month for a two-pound premium crate they
also have a standard one pound crate for
25 and a mini for twelve dollars alright
let's get started looks like the
creators have included a comic looks
like it's about their adventures at the
Japanese candy expo got a cool on the
back we have english descriptions of
everything in the box that'll prove
quite useful as I don't speak Japanese
so let's go on the first item looks like
we have a do-it-yourself kit these are
included a lot in Japanese candy looks
pretty cool got another one here looks
like some kind of strawberries and cream
lollipop I've got some instructions on
the back got some pocky this stuff's
pretty easy to come across in the States
but I haven't seen this flavor before
looks kind of like there may be some
sort of filling inside the paki itself
got some sort of i'm not sure what this
is maybe some sort of chocolate covered
peanut or peanut M&M type candy I'll get
some with one piece on it it's pretty
good anime I've only seen it a couple
times but not sure what it is this is
awfully lightweight gum another DIY kit
looks likely to make multicolored gummy
candies here it's pretty cool like the
little drawings on the back the
instructions on this one also got ah yes
another DIY kit this one looks like you
mix different flavors together for
another gut Mountain gummy product I
recognize this character I forget his
name seen it before but I think these
are similar to the panda panda cookies
available in the States here we've got
some more biscuits hamburger style
probably some chocolate or something
like that just as a wheat cracker on the
back ah shredded squid it's like squid
jerky I've seen this at our
international grocery store and I been
interested in trying to make a video
also have some sparkling apple drink
with Pokemon
again this has been Japan crate thanks
for watching make sure to subscribe and
like our video check out beers in bagan
calm and make sure like our facebook
page thanks for watching